[Hackweek] Add Author page (#93)
getsentry/sentry.engineering: data/authors/arminronacher.md

> twitter: https://twitter.com/mitsuhiko

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stackoverflow: https://stackoverflow.com/users/19990/armin-ronacher
twitter: https://twitter.com/mitsuhiko
```

---

> Armin Ronacher is the Director of Engineering at Sentry. He's the cr`eator of the Flask web framework, very emotional about APIs and system architecture.

Reviewer: Director is the old title no?

```suggestion
Armin Ronacher is the Principal Architect at Sentry. He's the creator of the Flask web framework, very emotional about APIs and system architecture.
```
